Brad Schnitzer: Ways to step up to the mic, or at least speak during the session. How does that work.
Kevin Kaspar: We put mics throughout the room. So if you guys want to just raise your hand, I'll call on you, and you can just speak really loudly, and Brad can hear you.
Kevin Kaspar: and you're finding questions. Travel.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah, no. I want this to be interactive. So that's why I ask.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Brad Schnitzer: And I would love to to hear about the teams, too, if if that's possible in the beginning, so I'll I'll kind of defer to see. I have the list of all the teams in front of me, so if I run through them, do you think somebody from each team could introduce themselves, or at least you know, a quick elevator on who they are.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, we can do, Ceos. It'll be a good practice.
Brad Schnitzer: Cool alright. Well, I'm excited to kick it off. What I'll do 1st is I'll introduce myself, and then hopefully, we can go around, and and I can hear a little bit about you all, and then we can kind of make this a little bit more relevant to the people in this room specifically
Brad Schnitzer: your businesses. And and you know for me, I want this to be a conversation. If you think I'm saying something, and you. You can call bullshit. I would love for people to challenge things if if you say, Hey, you know I don't really like this. I've done this this way, and and this worked more for me. This is for all of us to learn
Brad Schnitzer: this session, and you'll see I have a I throw a wrench in it pretty quickly, and and challenge some ideas right from the beginning. But I'll start off with myself.
Brad Schnitzer: Let's see, I can actually make this work
Brad Schnitzer: cool. So who am I? Like? Liliana said. I've been at techstars I've been here for about 7 years now, which is crazy. I've definitely overstayed my welcome at techstars I was a founder first, st and now I'm at the other side of the table. So I work with the investment team trying to find the best founders best human beings to bring into this program. And then I also help support founders with our new Northwestern medicine program. But
Brad Schnitzer: how did I get here? I was an entrepreneur out of undergrad. I started a business I went to school in Indianapolis, and was fortunate enough to work with CEO, named Glenn Campbell, who started lids. If you guys ever been in, you know a Mall and and saw the hat store called Lids glenn started that business and then ex expanded and and started making team apparel for Nike. So through my relationship with with Glenn.
Brad Schnitzer: did some research on the industry and trends and what athletes wanted to see, and started a licensed Apparel company. So you can see some of the shirts we did. It was we had a patent on being able to print this design and and take, you know, collegiately licensed Logos and print them as the whole shirt. So they were fan apparel.
Brad Schnitzer: We also did hard goods, so you could see on the right some hard goods that we did and then alongside that started working with athletes to help them do community service projects so similar to you guys getting a check from tech stars. We would have
Brad Schnitzer: teams, universities, high schools tell us about issues and problems in their own community. And we would seed fund that. So I started that with 2 major League baseball players and we were able to help a lot of communities. So that's what I did before coming to tech stars. I want to hear before we we get into this. I would love to hear about all of you. So I can read the company name. If if somebody wants to jump in
Brad Schnitzer: and we'll just go down the line real quick, just a sentence or 2 on who you are, and then we'll we'll get going. So I guess we can start with Agent Lunar.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, absolutely. So introducing Agent Luna. So we help Smds that are struggling with digital acquisition by providing them with AI agents or space as marketing. And myself, I'm CEO and co-founder. Previously I was global head of marketing at Ubs world, largest wealth manager. I met William forces to solve this problem together
Kevin Kaspar: will, do you want to introduce yourself?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, hey? Brian and Williams? And as Dominic mentioned, we met at business school. Prior to that I was an investment director at Woodfield, private equity firms, and before that was in corporate finance and principal acquisition in the real estate space.
Brad Schnitzer: Great to meet you late night.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. Hi, my name is Fabio. I'm the solo founder of Byte night. Our company is a serverless computing platform for developers and startups, powering back 1st thing workloads such as AI model serving and training
Kevin Kaspar: video processing and data mining. We do this with a crowd source network of providers so alike. The big cloud guys like Aws, Google Cloud, we source computing power from underutilized assets, such as business work workstations and consumer devices.
Kevin Kaspar: and my journey, which started with byte night. It's my 1st company. And yeah, I'm very excited to be here.
Brad Schnitzer: Awesome, and one of our local founders. So we'll be leaning on you and I see a couple of others that we can ask some some localized questions to you later. So welcome let's go cognizant cogniscope.
Kevin Kaspar: Hi, I'm Julie. The CEO of cogniscope cogniscope is a psychology AI platform
Kevin Kaspar: that analyzes gaming communities to extract emotions, thoughts and behaviors of the players and helping the helping gaming studios to develop
Kevin Kaspar: games that people love. Basically.
Kevin Kaspar: This is my second startup. And I'm really excited to be here.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, we have also, like 3 more co-founders.
Kevin Kaspar: we are all here.
Kevin Kaspar: They're a big team, but.
Brad Schnitzer: Excited to have you all the way from Turkey right.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes.
Brad Schnitzer: That's awesome. You'll be excited to meet Mert, I'm sure, at some point in this this program. If you haven't heard about him yet.
Kevin Kaspar: They might have been.
Brad Schnitzer: Mert in screening. Okay, very cool, all right. Evil genius games. Another local founder.
Kevin Kaspar: Hey, everyone, I'm Dave Scott. People do use games we make. We make turn based adventure games
Kevin Kaspar: based on famous movie franchises like Pacific RAM Kong versus Godzilla, Rambo. Stuff like that.
Brad Schnitzer: Very cool definitely. Have some intros for you.
Brad Schnitzer: Health box
Brad Schnitzer: health blocks. I'm sorry.
Kevin Kaspar: So.
Kevin Kaspar: hey, Brad? So I'm here. I'm the founder of health logs at health logs, trying to build the next generation platform for building applications for healthcare. So we're doing this by providing easy means of using apis sdks and libraries to
Kevin Kaspar: build health apps in a composable manner. We're doing it by building, putting the Ehr at the center of the provider experience and allowing for care, orchestration, and valuability.
Brad Schnitzer: Awesome. Well, I've been meeting a ton of people from epic this past week, so I'll definitely have some intros for you as well.
Brad Schnitzer: All right, Collab.
Kevin Kaspar: Hi, Brad, I'm Talitha, and we've created Anna an AI powered digital concierge for short term rentals, and it's to support them with their guest communications by supporting guests with property, info recommendations, complaints, all of that. And it's really about delighting the guest experience and at the same time
Kevin Kaspar: providing efficiency for their operations. So, yeah, and this is my co-founder, Flo. And you might remember us because we actually previously created a revenue generating hospitality entertainment. Satisfaction. Yeah, yeah, you've been through screening with Brad. Very well.
Brad Schnitzer: It was was. It was like an Alexa device. Was that.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Pivoted along, too.
Brad Schnitzer: Very cool.
Brad Schnitzer: Well, I I manage some short term rentals, and I'm dealing with issues from that today. So I'm I'll definitely be a potential customer at some point.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: Alright, another local company, noetic, digital.
Kevin Kaspar: Hey, Brad! Nice to meet you, George. Kind of noetic, and you can think of it simply as an AI agent that bridges your company and market to give your customers a voice
Kevin Kaspar: that's like a very simple
Kevin Kaspar: thank you.
Brad Schnitzer: Opal therapeutics, another local company.
Kevin Kaspar: Hi, Brad! I'm Norman mobile, therapeutic. So mobile designing a universal dish platform company to find new therapeutics for common conditions, like fibroids and endometriosis as well as use our platform. So I've been here in the Bay area for about 6 years. Now, my 1st startup. Yeah. So thank you very much for for coming to talk to us today.
Brad Schnitzer: Awesome. Yeah, again, someone. I'll have plenty of introductions, for in the near future great to meet you reliable. Is that
Brad Schnitzer: how you pronounce it?
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, reliable. Yes, hello. I'm Annie Brown. I'm the CEO of reliable, and our CTO. Duncan is on the zoom. Hi, Duncan.
Kevin Kaspar: and so we the biggest problem right now in machine learning is actually at the labeling like the data labeling layer, and so what we do is, we bring user insights into the data labeling process
Kevin Kaspar: to make AI outputs more accurate. And then we also are very passionate about the fact that our software also reduces AI bias, and I'm also an AI researcher at Uc, San Diego. And then Duncan completed his postdoc at Stanford.
Brad Schnitzer: Great to meet you.
Brad Schnitzer: Let's go to seascape clinical.
Brad Schnitzer: Would you consider that local.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, we're local, basically, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: and I'm the founder and CEO, I have over 20 years of experience working in Pharma companies and clinical trial management. And we've designed a Saas platform that automates a lot of clinical trial, busy work that is typically done using a combination of spreadsheets, emails for funky existing systems. That make clinical trial management very.
Brad Schnitzer: Awesome great to meet you snapshot reviews.
Kevin Kaspar: Hi, Duncan. I'm good. I'm getting snapshot in use
Kevin Kaspar: long time secure snapshot reviews
Kevin Kaspar: we're looking to replace engineering managers with AI. That's the shortest way to put it, though probably I shouldn't keep saying that because it annoys the engineering managers a lot who are also essentially our clients.
Kevin Kaspar: and we've been our. We've been engineers ourselves for a long time, so we've and then the engineering management for some time. So we have a fair understanding of the engineering management world and managing engineers. So we thought
Kevin Kaspar: with the AI that's been merging as couple of years could probably make some difference there.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: Awesome great to meet you. Last, but not least, we have tutor me.
Kevin Kaspar: We're building a virtual officer designed sort of buy these students for now, but
Kevin Kaspar: plans to like extend that to other curriculums in future. The idea is to provide students with like effective and immediate feedback that they ought to rely on waiting for days for teachers, for feedback and some analytics on how
Kevin Kaspar: to like
Kevin Kaspar: study effectively and not like waste time on. Obviously.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. And I'm Kevin. I'm the operations Guy. We're kind of the perfect engineering business partnership going on background and consulting actually in Chicago. No Chicago background.
Kevin Kaspar: Long city, pretty sad to be here.
Brad Schnitzer: Excited to have you. Well, thank you all for doing that. That definitely helps and can kind of direct the conversation. Now that I have a little bit of insight into what you all do interrupt me at all point in time, you know. This gets boring when I talk
Brad Schnitzer: to myself for an hour. We'll try to go for just less than an hour, and then leave the rest of the time for QA. And QA for the rest of the group from me. I want this to be collaborative. So that's the goal. Here. You guys will meet Troy Hennikoff later this week, if you haven't met him yet, he's going to be running financial modeling for you all.
Brad Schnitzer: He starts every single and and hopefully he actually does this and I don't call him out on it. But he typically starts every single presentation off with an objective and so I'm going to do that for this presentation as well. My goal is to leave you with a plan on how to navigate your local network and eventually hacking the network at a larger scale. I've seen now about 120 companies through techstars and then 10 angel investments. So about 130
Brad Schnitzer: companies, and I keep changing every time I I go through this. I have to kind of think about everyone in this portfolio, but I've probably only seen 10 or 12 companies do this right? So about 10% of the companies like one in each class actually do this right? And this is a soft skill. So it's something that people all think they're great at.
Brad Schnitzer: And yeah, I'll be honest with you when I was, you know, taking some of my soft skill classes at at Booth, you know, I kind of was like, I'm not interested in this like soft skill. I really don't need it.
Brad Schnitzer: I'm going to try to convince you guys today that this is going to be one of the most important things during your time at techstars and beyond. So hopefully, I can do that in this presentation. What's cool is tech stars and and a lot of those manage the managing directors that are part of techstars, like we obsess with finding the best people that
Brad Schnitzer: are likely a mile deep inch wide, right? Like they are experts in a particular space. So you're gonna meet a lot of those folks. I want you to think as you're going through like this presentation, and we start putting together who you want to meet with like, who are those people? And if you need help finding those people, you know, being intellectually honest with yourselves on those areas that you need super super specific support on. And and the examples I've given, you know,
Brad Schnitzer: Troy, I think, might be the best person
Brad Schnitzer: in the world for early stage financial modeling, obviously super biased here. But I I can almost guarantee he's seen more financial models of early stage founders than anyone on earth.
Brad Schnitzer: He gets every single financial model from every single Tech Stars Company. We're not the largest investors by volume in the world. So it's it's a it's a big assumption. But I'm pretty sure he has the most experience of anyone on earth which is pretty cool
Brad Schnitzer: we worked with. You'll you'll likely work with Bob Mesta during this presentation, and he was one of the founders of the jobs to be done. Method along you know. Hbs, and and the team there with clay Christiansen. So some really, really great people. You know, we worked with Mayor Gupta, who led head of growth at Spotify Casey Winters with with some of you locally, may be aware of who's led growth for pinterest eventbrite
Brad Schnitzer: so there's some folks here that have been through it. You know we work with a founder here locally in Chicago. His name's Conrad and you know, behind the scenes this company is called Trip Scout, behind the scenes. He's amassed more social following in the travel industry.
Brad Schnitzer: Then all of the other. You know, expedia priceline type companies we're all familiar with combined and he's an early stage startup. So we've seen people that have have really really excelled in very specific areas. So you know, my 1st ask. And first, st you know thing, if you guys are taking notes here is to be very, very intellectually honest with yourselves on these areas that you struggle with, and don't be afraid to ask for support and and get introduced to these folks.
Brad Schnitzer: I'm not sure. And and, Liliana, you can let me know. If you're doing any other power of the network talks during
Brad Schnitzer: this program we have, John, are you doing one.
Kevin Kaspar: No, we're Texters is trying to find a nice recording of John Hill. Since he's not able to come and do it for us. But other than that, it's just you, Brad.
Brad Schnitzer: Cool. So John Hill was one of my mentors here. He ran
Brad Schnitzer: network at techstars for many years.
Brad Schnitzer: He's now retired. He's still somebody we can access. So you can look into John Hill, and maybe what I'll do is if you guys can't find any good recordings I can share some things I additional things I picked up from him over the years.
Kevin Kaspar: Because I don't know if we're gonna find a nice recording. So if you want to share things from John, that's very helpful.
Brad Schnitzer: Maybe what I'll do tomorrow is kind of go through his linkedin Demo.
Brad Schnitzer: Cause, that's something I think that's always really helpful for founders. So maybe I'll I'll carve a little bit of time out of Kpi since you guys have gotten kind of a a little pre session on that, and I'll bring in one of his cool, Linkedin Demos, because I think it could be really helpful
Brad Schnitzer: cool.
Kevin Kaspar: Great, and we promised them that you would teach them magic links today.
Brad Schnitzer: Magic links. Okay? Yeah, I'll maybe what I'll do is
Brad Schnitzer: let's let's do that at the front half of tomorrow, because then I can kind of spend some time. I can also, just I've recorded myself talking through it. So I'll also share that with you. So if anyone misses tomorrow or anything like that. You'll just have my recording of talking through magic. Thanks.
Kevin Kaspar: You've got your loom. We'll follow up after tomorrow to them with your loom.
Brad Schnitzer: Cool. This is a new addition to my presentation. I've been anecdotally, you know, saying this, and Chris, who's a a an investor, is kind of been talking about this, you know, on his circuits and speaking on stage. But please don't network, but rather build relationships and communities. Networking is transactional. Strike it from your vocab unless you're talking about it.
Brad Schnitzer: Talking about it right? Life's a million times richer when you give without the expectation of receiving, which is how you build deep relationships. So what I want to do, you know, I think I still need to work on what we're going to call this activity. It is relationship building and community building. So at its heart. It's not transactional. I think that's a really important lesson as we go through this
Brad Schnitzer: cool. So this is where it becomes interactive. I'm curious to know why you think any of this matters coming into this. We're talking about building
Brad Schnitzer: our relationships and communities
Brad Schnitzer: around our our early stage startups. Curious, any thoughts that you guys have here
Brad Schnitzer: just blurt it out. If if you have, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: It opens doors that you might not be able to go through alone.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: absolutely.
Kevin Kaspar: Because people are more skewed to invest or advocate the person rather than the product.
Brad Schnitzer: Absolutely, especially in the early stages, right? Like the product, might not be there yet. So you guys, essentially are your products in this earliest stage, absolutely.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, hopefully your questions answered. You know a lot of times today.
Kevin Kaspar: Sorry.
Kevin Kaspar: That's the answer that certifications.
Brad Schnitzer: Can you repeat that.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, sorry. Just like having your questions answered. If you run into difficulties, having people there to help you. Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: Absolutely.
Brad Schnitzer: So. The 1st thing I put on my list is like this helps you build real relationships.
Brad Schnitzer: Right? Like we're not. We're avoiding these transactional relationships. So learning how to build real relationships like this is likely a 8 to 10 year journey that you guys are going on at minimum like, you're going to need a lot of support over those 8 to 10 years. Building real relationships is the only way that you can sustain these relationships over the long run of your business. This is also how you're going to find customers.
Brad Schnitzer: People like doing business with people they like, right? So you're gonna have to build relationships, and there's nothing. And and you'll see further in this presentation. There's nothing that works better than warm introductions from people they know and trust. So that's how you're likely gonna find most of your customers, whether you are b 2 b or B to C, and I, I kind of break this presentation up into B, 2 B+B to C towards the end. So we can kind of talk about that individually.
Brad Schnitzer: I think it's going to save you thousands of hours, I would say, across the 120 plus companies at techstars.
Brad Schnitzer: I've seen the ones that struggle are some of our smartest founders that think they can do everything by themselves, or just stubborn, and they want to do. And they want to figure everything out on them themselves
Brad Schnitzer: and you most of the time. They are smart enough to find this out and and solve problems on their own.
Brad Schnitzer: But why, like we are trying to move quicker. There's people that have struggled with these problems, people that can kind of help us, you know, cross that chasm and get us to where we want to be a lot quicker. So it's going to save you a lot of time.
Brad Schnitzer: The next thing is, you're trying to find a community that wants you to succeed. You're trying to build an army of supporters, and if people really like you and they enjoy, and they want to support you. It makes this journey so much easier when you have that army of supporters that people
Brad Schnitzer: who want to see you succeed.
Brad Schnitzer: The other thing that I want you guys to think about. And if any of you have heard this, you know, raise your hand, but who not? How
Brad Schnitzer: is something I want? You guys like, if you guys write down any note from this presentation, I want you guys to write who not how.
Brad Schnitzer: And
Brad Schnitzer: this is this is back to
Brad Schnitzer: you know, the 120 or so companies that have just tried and just grinded their way through problems when they're likely with somebody they could quickly reach out to. That, can get them there a lot quicker.
Brad Schnitzer: I have an exercise for you guys. We'll share it for a little bit later.
Brad Schnitzer: But I'm excited to to have you guys go through that as a group
Brad Schnitzer: cool. So what should your goal be with networking or building relationships, building communities. Curious to know, you got maybe one or 2 people on what you think your goal should be.
Kevin Kaspar: Have you been memorable?
Brad Schnitzer: That's a good one, absolutely
Brad Schnitzer: anyone else.
Brad Schnitzer: One more.
Kevin Kaspar: And yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: intellectually curious and having a genuine interest in what they're doing. And same way, we can also give
Kevin Kaspar: value to them.
Brad Schnitzer: Being curious. I love that and actually wish I had that on my list. I think that might piggyback on to listen. You know I can't tell you how many mentors have told us in the past that they barely got a word in right. When our founders are going there to to learn and be mentored. So, being super curious, being genuinely curious about them
Brad Schnitzer: as human beings as people, but also as builders. Right? A lot of the mentors you're going to meet are builders. Obviously some are investors, too. But just being genuinely curious about them, I think goes a long, long way. You know, if we're looking at this holistically, your goal is to build a snowball effect right?
Brad Schnitzer: We talked about that army of supporters
Brad Schnitzer: the more and more people that you build within your network or your community.
Brad Schnitzer: the more and more those people are nodes in your ecosystem that continually can make introductions. And any problem that you have. You have an army of people that can kind of crowdsource it together to help you solve that
Brad Schnitzer: the goal should be to build and foster real relationships that you can continue to build over time. Right? We're trying to avoid transactional relationships.
Brad Schnitzer: One thing that I've seen and noticed throughout. Most of of the mentor sessions is founders are unwilling to be vulnerable, and it feels weird, being vulnerable. In a meeting with your 1st interaction with somebody, but they know especially the the ones that were founders and builders themselves. They know that you don't have all the answers, and you don't have your shit together. That's okay.
Brad Schnitzer: And honestly, they're way more likely to help
Brad Schnitzer: when you're open and honest with them about the things you need support on so totally like, get that you want to present yourself in a in a certain type of way, especially around investors. But I'm sure you guys have all heard the saying, you know. Ask for support.
Brad Schnitzer: you know. Ask for help first.st If you want money.
Brad Schnitzer: you know it. It does go a long way to to put yourself out there and ask for help 1st and be vulnerable they get to know you, and they also feel, and I'll I'll cover this a little bit later, but they start to feel like they're part of your business, right like
Brad Schnitzer: they are part of the fabric of their business. If you're taking their feedback and implementing into your business.
Brad Schnitzer: the other thing is, align yourself with high integrity. People.
Brad Schnitzer: because you all now have a relationship or sorry. You guys
Brad Schnitzer: now have this relationship with techstars, and you have a reputation
Brad Schnitzer: as being a tech stars founder. Right? So holding yourself to. You know, standards and and surrounding yourself with high integrity. People, I think that's super important. It's a shame when people, you know.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, surround themselves with people that are not higher integrity people, and it reflects poorly on you as a founder. But just be mindful of that tech stars. We we take a lot of
Brad Schnitzer: effort to make sure we're putting you around high integrity people.
Brad Schnitzer: If there ever is an issue like we are kind of like
Brad Schnitzer: no nonsense there, like it's it's usually one and done from our mentor side. If if we hear of anything like this but just be aware of it. I think it's something as you're moving quick.
Brad Schnitzer: You might not be thinking about. But I just want you guys to keep that, you know, kind of in the back of your minds.
Brad Schnitzer: the next goal should be, yeah. Go on.
Kevin Kaspar: We spent a lot of time yesterday talking about for their day one. Because that's what we're trying to do out here in the Bay Area is differentiate ourselves by being people who have a network just which is really rare out here. So I think, even like even more so than being the inaugural text. Our San Francisco class. What you just said rings true.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: the next goal should just become a member of the community. Right? Whether that's the the Bay area community, whether that's the greater tech stars community. Whether that's you know, your own affinity groups or communities within your vertical
Brad Schnitzer: there's an availability, heuristic or a bias towards
Brad Schnitzer: founders that are just there and involved in continually supporting, giving 1st
Brad Schnitzer: when they can think of you. And you're there constantly. When opportunities come up.
Brad Schnitzer: they're going to think of you.
Brad Schnitzer: When writers are writing pieces, they're going to think of you because you're constantly interacting and becoming part of that community.
Brad Schnitzer: the last goal that I'm going to put for you is is, you know, more specific to where you guys are right now in your journey is to make asks.
Brad Schnitzer: And that's because people want to help you right now.
Brad Schnitzer: You know, I I think of tech stars as kind of this artificial constraint of 13 weeks. Why, 13 weeks. I don't know. Someone in, you know. 2,007 said, this program should be 13 weeks. It's an artificial constraint. But since we've set that artificial constraint. People want to see
Brad Schnitzer: where you are now, versus where you end in that delta, and they want to be part of that process. So there's time for giving, and you guys should always be giving. But at the same time, this is a time where a lot of people want to support you.
Brad Schnitzer: Any questions on on your goals of
Brad Schnitzer: community building slash, networking.
Brad Schnitzer: cool.
Brad Schnitzer: Alright. So this leads a little bit more into your mentorship sessions that are coming up. Maybe one or 2 people on. Why, you guys think the mentors actually participate and do this.
Brad Schnitzer: any ideas.
Kevin Kaspar: I kind of said yesterday.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, Dominique, and then we might be potentially different to what you said yesterday. But I just know from from my experience. If if you've got a skill or experience.
Kevin Kaspar: you know, it's actually it's a gift to be able to give that back to people you want to help, and from what I've seen so far, I'm sorry
Kevin Kaspar: the equals here of giving back and sponsoring the mentors that are in that community just feels
Kevin Kaspar: I don't want to sound cheesy, but at least it was good.
Kevin Kaspar: But George.
Brad Schnitzer: What's up?
Kevin Kaspar: It is very gratifying to do it that way
Kevin Kaspar: or rewarding. Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: It's super rewarding and and sometimes helping others is, you know, the best gift you can give yourself. Right? It's it's definitely self serving in a in a way as well. It's energizing, too, like it's a lot of fun. When you talk to founders
Brad Schnitzer: now, founders that have built their business to, you know, 500 plus, you know, sometimes 1,000 plus employees.
Brad Schnitzer: They cherish the days that you guys are in right now, when it's just a couple of group a couple founders, you know, hacking away in a room like they miss those days, and they get a lot. It's energizing being in those early stages. You know, I think sometimes they feel like they've slowed down a step or 2, and being around founders, kind of energize them, and they kind of they bring that into their their larger businesses. Is, is someone else said in here? Yep.
Kevin Kaspar: Right here. What's up? Dude.
Brad Schnitzer: Hey!
Kevin Kaspar: Training.
Kevin Kaspar: I have a question for you. Can you share an anecdote of
Kevin Kaspar: you? And I have seen so many examples of mentors
Kevin Kaspar: going above and beyond, and giving 1st ways that like they could go like, how we person does anything come to mind that represents that? Given all the stewardship you've done.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah, I mean, I could show you right here. I got.
Kevin Kaspar: I'll take it off.
Brad Schnitzer: I got my nutri sense.
Brad Schnitzer: I've got my nutri sense on right here. I've been working with our nutri sense company for some time. And if you guys know the bay, their Bay area competitor levels.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, they do a continuous blood glucose monitor for non diabetics or people that want to pay attention to how specific foods affect their body.
Brad Schnitzer: We have one founder in particular, an alumni of our program
Brad Schnitzer: his name's John Rinaldi and his company was called Geo. Bit. He was able to sell it for Multi. I think.
Brad Schnitzer: What maybe in the the 20 to 30 million dollar range geobit was a way that parents could make sure they don't lose things that are important to them, especially pets. Children through wearables. Wearable devices.
Kevin Kaspar: Right view of those? Have such power.
Brad Schnitzer: Text. They were text our Chicago
Brad Schnitzer: and early days, you know, nutri sense is likely gonna raise, you know, a a significant significant round very soon in the 50 to 100 million dollar range
Brad Schnitzer: and in the early days they had a very, very leaky bucket and they couldn't figure out. You know how to create this. They they frankly did not have product market fit and John, with Geobit was really going through it like he was really struggling with his business. He gave a founder he gave a talk to one of our classes early on, and he left like crying after giving the talk like he was really going through it as a as a founder at that point.
Brad Schnitzer: But he stepped up and knew that he could support the nutrisense team and understood a little bit more because he's been there before. And had a physical, you know, hardware product like nutrisense
Brad Schnitzer: and he helped them figure it out, and you know they likely will be, you know, one of the most successful portfolio companies that we have. So that's that's just one example that I saw, like John had no need to kind of go above and beyond, because he had his own problems to deal with. But he, you know, put that to the side and was able to help nutri sense kind of through. You know their their difficulties
Brad Schnitzer: at the same time. So that's that's 1 that comes to mind.
Kevin Kaspar: That's a perfect example just to just to frame what you're saying. When John Ronaldi, the guy he's talking about, came to speak to our program to our founders. His business was fledgling. He was stressed out, he was ready to quit.
Kevin Kaspar: and he already gave you the end of the story which a few years later he sold business for 2, 43 million dollars, which is great. But even at that time he was struggling. He made the time to help our companies at the time, nutrition being one of them. Now we're over 100 million dollars. So that was all what they had any.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's really cool. That's a good story. Thank you.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah. And and I think somebody mentioned in here. One of my
Brad Schnitzer: paying it forward is is clearly part of the tech stars. Ethos. You know it does kind of work like a Montessori school where the founders that just came through this program are eager to help you. And sometimes, you know a mistake that that we made early days, I think, in in Techstar, Chicago was. We were so excited to put these big name founders in front of you, the ones that started Grubhub and Groupon and Spot.
Brad Schnitzer: What did we have? We had spot spot hero right was was one of our early companies.
Brad Schnitzer: but at the same time there were founders that just went through the program
Brad Schnitzer: 12 months ago. That were, you know, it's fresh in their mind. They were just dealing with that problem so that maybe they're they're not this big name you know, founder of this company that's uber successful at this point.
Brad Schnitzer: but they can help you
Brad Schnitzer: with your problem that you're dealing with right now. So that's that's a little like little tidbit, I think would be helpful for you guys to kind of think about who those people are that you want to connect with.
Brad Schnitzer: Another reason why mentors mentor is that it keeps them up to date and keeps them relevant.
Brad Schnitzer: I know even even running, sourcing for tech stars. It's hard stay on top of everything that's moving in AI Web 3. There's you know, it feels like each week is a is a year
Brad Schnitzer: 6 to 7 years ago, and how quickly things are moving. So mentors want to continually support, because frankly, they want to keep up to date. They want to stay interested.
Brad Schnitzer: also, you know, I'd I'd say the other thing is like these, a lot of the mentors I've met are just obsessed with solving problems. They enjoy it, they love it and if if they got into a little bit bigger of a business, they're not in the weeds as much with some of their companies. So being in that early stage mess. And those really hairy problems like that energizes a lot of our mentors to support.
Brad Schnitzer: They also view you as the future, especially when you guys are looking local in the Bay area. There's people that really care about continually building the ecosystem right? The people that came before you want to continually build the ecosystem, and they view you as the future and as they view you as the future, they want to invest in the future. Many of the mentors and supporters of the program want to invest in companies. It's a delicate dance around, you know.
Brad Schnitzer: eventually getting to that place. It typically comes from 1st building real relationships. And you typically get to a place where it's almost inevitable that they put so much into the business and supporting you. The only thing left is capital. And if there's somebody that invests in company companies, they're gonna want to invest in the companies that they're investing the most time with and supporting right? So that's another way that that, you know mentors view.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, helping and supporting you through program, any questions on on mentors and kind of their motives.
Brad Schnitzer: Cool?
Brad Schnitzer: Has anyone heard of the canvas effect.
Kevin Kaspar: Raise your hand.
Kevin Kaspar: Events.
Kevin Kaspar: No, Brett.
Brad Schnitzer: Alright cool. Well, I think there's there's something that you know. When you guys are in this early stage, especially, we talk about founders like the founders of Grubhub and Groupon and Spot Hero. You you kind of think like, hey? There's really nothing that I could provide to them. Right?
Brad Schnitzer: they? They're already successful. Who knows? You know I'm I'm the one that needs all the help. I think there's still ways that we can, you know, help them on their journey right like they may want to. They may view themselves as somebody that you know. You know, constantly is giving back, but not getting any appreciation or or no one knows that all the work they're doing so being able to support them and help them along the way will also help you. So it's not a 1 way street. Even with some of these big time mentors that are running
Brad Schnitzer: 1 billion dollar companies always think about ways that you can help support them. And even if it's something as small as just thanking them publicly, you know, on, on social media, like, it goes a long way with a lot of these folks.
Brad Schnitzer: be their cheerleader right? Like I think
Brad Schnitzer: the the moment you get connected with somebody like follow them constantly. Pay attention to what they're doing and be one of their biggest supporters. I think that's a very, very small high leverage thing you can do
Brad Schnitzer: with this new community that you're building.
Kevin Kaspar: An example from you again, because I think admittedly, you are way better at this than probably me and Liliana, when you you remember details about mentors and people in the community investors. And then Brad, like he'll he'll forward someone an email that he like. I thought with you about this thing. But I'll invite people with things. He's really good at making a lot of connection between people.
Kevin Kaspar: How do you do that? And like what's an example? Maybe where that really worked out. Well.
Brad Schnitzer: I mean, the 1st thing is, go on, Amazon, and just get
Brad Schnitzer: a hundred, you know. Thank you. Cards. They're super super easy.
Kevin Kaspar: Super.
Brad Schnitzer: Super cute.
Brad Schnitzer: just get.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: Basic. Thank you. Cards. They're blank on the inside. They just say, Thank you. And they come.
Brad Schnitzer: This was the one. If you guys see the box. I hope these anyways, nobody does this anymore. And it goes a long way so writing handwritten, thank you. Notes like shows that you care. And you went above and beyond. I think that's like the lowest hanging fruit. You guys are going to be doing investor updates. And I think you guys likely have a special?
Brad Schnitzer: You know, session just about investor updates.
Brad Schnitzer: thanking people in your investor updates goes a long way. That's their community. I mean. If you think about the Ceos and investors, their community are their peers. Who are other Ceos and investors, I'll talk about that
Brad Schnitzer: a little bit later.
Brad Schnitzer: they want to be seen as a a giver and somebody who's helping early stage startups in front of their community. So putting that publicly in your investor updates and social media goes a really long way.
Brad Schnitzer: Brett.
Kevin Kaspar: I can think of, and I can think of an example of what Neil is asking about like you've given the tip before, just know, like one hobby of every person, like all.
Brad Schnitzer: Oh, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: Where, like Troy, really likes cycling. So Brad will always ask him about like his like biking and like send him things and ask him about biking and snow and all this different stuff, or someone else really likes running, or he knows that he has 2 kids. We always ask about the 2 kids like just one detail for each person. And Brad's really good at personalizing things like that and always starting a call by remembering that detail. And it really makes you foster a friendship. It's something Brad's so good at.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah, I mean, I think so. It's it's interesting. You say that because
Brad Schnitzer: I think it, it comes naturally, but it's something I forget about quite a bit
Brad Schnitzer: and I think it goes back to just taking genuine interest. And I think somebody mentioned curiosity earlier, like, when you have genuine curiosity about these people. I think the coolest thing I've learned being at techstars is the the most interesting and successful founders. And you know, mentors that I've met
Brad Schnitzer: have amazing hobbies. They're just interesting and curious people themselves. So they have a lot of deep hobbies like Mert loves chess. You could talk for hours with Mert about chess. Just so figuring out what those things are, and and honestly like, Liliana said is, you know, family is typically, you know, one of the most important things to a lot of individuals. So just knowing things about their family, knowing things about their background, things that they care about, things that energize them.
Brad Schnitzer: If you guys can genuinely, you know, care about those things and have real curiosity around it. It goes a long way to to building these relationships. So yeah, I think, thank you for bringing that up. Because I think that's something that you know, I'll likely put in here and and
Brad Schnitzer: make more formal, because cause that really really does go a long way.
Brad Schnitzer: the last thing I'll say here is just allow people to be a part of your journey.
Brad Schnitzer: Give them
Brad Schnitzer: the feeling of ownership. And and that doesn't necessarily mean you're giving them advisor shares right. But you want them to feel like they're a part of your business. The more feedback that you can have. And and if they give you advice, letting them know I tried this. I implemented this in my business.
Brad Schnitzer: It didn't work. But here's what I'm going to do next like, or I learned these things from implementing this or testing this assumption that you made.
Brad Schnitzer: letting them know that that's now in the fiber of your business and has led you. You know you've moved the needle because of that feedback allows them to feel a sense of ownership of your business. And that goes a really, really long way
Brad Schnitzer: cool.
Brad Schnitzer: So let's talk about who who you want in your network?
Brad Schnitzer: I have 6 different categories here.
Brad Schnitzer: So if you guys are taking notes definitely, put these in your notes right here.
Brad Schnitzer: I wouldn't say necessarily. These are stack ranked. I'd say they're just different archetypes of of people that you want in your network.
Brad Schnitzer: The 1st one is skills you don't currently have.
Brad Schnitzer: You might know exactly what those skills are. But many times you don't know what you don't know, so that might be exposed throughout this program. But what we want to start with is like skills you actively know that you don't possess and who and we're going to work on who these people are that we can help
Brad Schnitzer: surround you with.
Brad Schnitzer: It goes back to the the who, not how
Brad Schnitzer: the next person is going to be your cheerleader, and that's somebody you can confide in. This is somebody that you're comfortable, having tough conversations with.
Brad Schnitzer: and I'll be honest like it's not going to be everyone. There's there's different people that you vibe with that you really feel comfortable, having, you know, difficult conversations in with.
Brad Schnitzer: And you know. Let's just say it's an investor in a firm that you know might not invest in in what you do, and you're just way more comfortable letting them know some of the challenges.
Brad Schnitzer: You know that you're going through.
Brad Schnitzer: So find that person that you can confide in it also. Likely at some point in time will be people in your own class. You're going to be, you know, some of your best resources throughout this class, and I'm sure you'll hear that you know almost every day of this program. But you need that person that you can confide in and having a mentor that that you can confide in is going to go a long way, and that also is going to be the person that's going to be rooting for you. You know things are high, things are low. They're going to be, you know, kind of in your corner.
Brad Schnitzer: The next person or people that you're going to be going after are
Brad Schnitzer: deep industry experts. So these are people that have worked in this field for 2030 years.
Brad Schnitzer: They're they're gonna they're gonna be able to call bullshit on things
Brad Schnitzer: that that you call out things that you guys say, Hey, this is the way that it works, and they're going to be like, hold up.
Brad Schnitzer: You know, I've worked in this industry for 30 years. It absolutely doesn't work this way. So you're going to need these folks, and they're going to be able to make a lot of the interest introductions for you, especially on the customer side.
Brad Schnitzer: The next one is your antagonist and your challenger, and that's going to be somebody who's going to push you to become the best version of yourself.
Brad Schnitzer: Everybody's different in this sense. But I think you guys all need it. I think, finding somebody you're comfortable with.
Brad Schnitzer: That will also push you is very important. How you like to be pushed and challenged. Everybody has a different way.
Brad Schnitzer: not everybody likes the screaming football coach. Some people like, you know the screaming football coach but finding that person that can push you in a way that you like to be pushed and make you the best version of yourself. That's me really important for you guys to find
Brad Schnitzer: the next person or people that you're going with you're going to look for is somebody who's willing to get in the trenches with you.
Brad Schnitzer: So I differentiate this from the person you confide in is this person's willing to get their hands messy?
Brad Schnitzer: And sometimes, like we talk about these big time founders who have started, you know, eventbrite and pinterest and and whatnot. You know. They may be great mentors, and maybe great for a 20min session, but they're just not going to have the capacity to jump in and get their hands messy and jump in the trenches with you. So figure out who that person is the example I always give is, we had a mentor super super technical mentor,
Brad Schnitzer: multiple exits. And we had a founder who, just by nature of her background, just, was not exposed to a lot of technical talent, and she had been piecemealing her company together. And you know this was a time where, you know, she had always had a plan to find a technical co-founder, and it just had not worked out up until that point, and he spent so much time with her in the trenches on the business. He goes. I might as well just join full time
Brad Schnitzer: and she was able to get. You know, a world class engineer with multiple exits as her CTO, who is one of her mentors. And that only way that happened was the because of the relationship that they built
Brad Schnitzer: and and she's doing over a million arr right now with her business. Absolutely could not have gone there without him and his support. And
Brad Schnitzer: again, it's testament to her. And the relationship she built.
Brad Schnitzer: The last one is when you look at this visual
Brad Schnitzer: are the nodes. So these are the power connectors.
Brad Schnitzer: And
Brad Schnitzer: I want you guys to think about like
Brad Schnitzer: the people in in different industries and different ecosystems and different different communities
Brad Schnitzer: that can make
Brad Schnitzer: exponentially more introductions to the right people.
Brad Schnitzer: So you guys will learn throughout tech stars like who these people are. You can learn from the class here
Brad Schnitzer: in Chicago where I am like there's 5 or 6 people that
Brad Schnitzer: you know. When I think about building a community or building relationships. There's 5 or 6 people that if I spend most of my time working on those relationships.
Brad Schnitzer: I don't really need to make any other. You know, I don't need to. I mean, obviously want to continue to build relationships, but they can make most of the introductions that I'm going to need. If I'm building a business in Chicago, right? So focusing and and spending a lot of my time on some of these relationships where they've already spent 2030, 40 years in the industry building relationships. They have trust amongst their community.
Brad Schnitzer: I want you guys to think about who those people are in your specific industries.
Brad Schnitzer: Anything you want. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: I want to reiterate what you just said, because I think you and I figured that out together. So 5 years ago, when I started. Techsar spread the 1st person who I hired same month that I started, and he and I immediately went on a tour. So we visited 22 cities in 2 weeks. Remember this, Brad.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it was a road trip. We were in a little kia soul. And so in all the cities, what we figured out was that there's these. What he referred to as like community power brokers.
Kevin Kaspar: you find, like a 1 person
Kevin Kaspar: be saying 5 or 6 in the community, which is right, but for us we only had one city a day ish.
Kevin Kaspar: so we would find the right person. And then, if you knew that person, they would introduce you to like
Kevin Kaspar: 10 or 20 key people that you need to know, and because of their reputation with them, like the immediate.
Kevin Kaspar: So I think what he's saying, especially here. This is probably the most robust. Our community on earth
Kevin Kaspar: within the right subgroups, it unlocks the whole batch.
Kevin Kaspar: So this is like a key point. I think we just made.
Brad Schnitzer: Absolutely. So you guys each have, you know.
Brad Schnitzer: differences in in your businesses. But I want you guys to think through who those power connectors potentially are in each of your individual businesses
Brad Schnitzer: cool. So this is something that John Hill talks about in his presentation. So I wanted to put it in here.
Brad Schnitzer: There's a secret about introductions. And John Hill. The reason why, he was leading our network at techstars was he built a lot of infrastructure on Linkedin. And he started researching like, where do connections actually come from? And he was focused specifically on hires through through job markets
Brad Schnitzer: and what they found, which was interesting was it wasn't 1st Level connections. It was typically 7 Second Level connections where jobs and and hires came from. So most people don't care how well you know someone when you're being introduced. It simply allows that stranger to let their guard down.
Brad Schnitzer: This is something I've noticed throughout the years is when somebody's making a warm introduction. As long as those 2 people.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, the person making the introduction in the end person have a good relationship.
Brad Schnitzer: they usually don't interrogate that person and say, Well, how well do you really know this person?
Brad Schnitzer: It's usually like, hey? I trust this person. So I'm willing to take this introduction. Obviously, you'll you'll see. When it comes to investments.
Brad Schnitzer: people will start asking those questions obviously like when they're doing diligence. If you're if you're getting investor intros you'll hear from a lot of investors is like, Hey, don't ask one investor for an intro to another investor, because the 1st question, unless they're an already investor themselves to the 1st question they ask is, Well, why aren't you investing? So make sure when you're getting intros to investors like. Personally, you know, I've always like
Brad Schnitzer: going through their portfolio companies, especially successful portfolio companies. You know it's it's always great when it's like, Hey, we've had a great experience working with this this founder, and this founder has gotten to know another founder that they highly recommend.
Brad Schnitzer: That's typically the best way that that I've seen when you're getting in person to investors. But
Brad Schnitzer: I I put this in here because I think a lot of founders get worried about asking for intros. Because they don't have that great of a relationship with the person that, they're asking for the intro with. As long as that person has a great relationship with the end the endpoint that they're making the intro into.
Brad Schnitzer: they typically don't care.
Brad Schnitzer: So that's a that's something I've noticed. It's anecdotal. There's no research on it other than we know from Linkedin that a lot of second degree connections actually land into full time hires
Brad Schnitzer: cool. Who's b 2 b in here? I think I kind of got a sense of that from
Brad Schnitzer: when we run around.
Brad Schnitzer: Is it about half
Brad Schnitzer: most of the room, more than half.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: Cool.
Brad Schnitzer: So you know, you guys are all selling into businesses. But I think you guys all know this and have heard it before you're selling into human beings. You're not selling into P, you're not selling into businesses you're selling into people so you need to focus on, how does that company make their buying decision right?
Brad Schnitzer: typically, what I've noticed is it it
Brad Schnitzer: medium
Brad Schnitzer: size business especially.
Brad Schnitzer: I've noticed in Chicago that they have a peer network.
Brad Schnitzer: So you know, heads of people.
Brad Schnitzer: Hr systems.
Brad Schnitzer: those heads of people.
Brad Schnitzer: no other heads of people. Right? They're constantly learning from others
Brad Schnitzer: in their same field
Brad Schnitzer: companies their same size. They go to conferences, but they go to events with their peers. So don't discount that, you know. If you if you meet ahead of people at, you know one
Brad Schnitzer: Smb tech company. They likely know the S. They know the head of people at the other in their ecosystem.
Brad Schnitzer: Also have learned, is, if you're selling into a company where the CEO makes decisions, they're typically part of a peer group of other Ceos
Brad Schnitzer: of companies relatively their size. So just know that when you're selling in, it could be some of the best introductions you can get
Brad Schnitzer: you should be looking for somebody who's comfortable making a bet on you as a human being.
Brad Schnitzer: I I
Brad Schnitzer: tell a story here about
Brad Schnitzer: Chloe's mom, Amanda, who is a mentor in our program. In 2,018. She supported a founder named Gary Cooper at reply, and in the early days, you know her company jelly vision, you know, was testing the product out, and it really wasn't great in the early days. But she loved Gary. She believed in Gary.
Brad Schnitzer: and was willing to to kind of see it through as the product got better because she knew who the human being was behind the product and his intentions, and what he was trying to do with the business, and she would also jump on calls with future customers for Gary and kind of help him in that journey, and she led lent her credibility, as they were finding it out from a product side. So I know a lot of founders in the early days, just you know, they don't believe in their product, and they're scared to put it out into the world.
Brad Schnitzer: Just
Brad Schnitzer: be on the lookout. There's people that want to make a bet on you as a person as a CEO,
Brad Schnitzer: and they will likely be your biggest advocate, as you're trying to get that flywheel started
Brad Schnitzer: the ask I have for you, and if you haven't done it yet.
Brad Schnitzer: is just go into Google Sheets or an excel and build your top. 100 customer list.
Brad Schnitzer: that's something. I think every b 2 b company. If you don't have it like
Brad Schnitzer: you need to have it yesterday.
Brad Schnitzer: I don't know if you guys know. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: Have that list you have. You have your top 100
Kevin Kaspar: perfect. So George has got it. So I think.
Brad Schnitzer: Got it.
Kevin Kaspar: Having an assignment. So 1 1 person in the room has.
Brad Schnitzer: Cool.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah, I you know 100. It's it's it's made up. It's a it's, you know, 100 companies. But what it does, and and tomorrow I think I'll I'll show you about this magic link what it really does 1st off we call it
Brad Schnitzer: Fermi ising. I don't know. Fermi there was a professor. I think he's even a booth guy, but it's a way of putting, you know, trying to build some objectivity around subjectivity. So for this 100 customer list come up with 5 categories that you find important in a customer, and just give them a score
Brad Schnitzer: 5 columns, 5 different categories. Give it a score, give it a weight.
Brad Schnitzer: It's all going to be made up. It's all going to be bullshit, but it gives you a way to organize your dream customer list. Right?
Brad Schnitzer: So you have that 100 customers. It's not just randomized 100 customers in order, or 100 customers. Random order. It's going to be in a top
Brad Schnitzer: one through a hundred dream customer list. Who do you want to go for?
Brad Schnitzer: And to be honest, when I've done this in selling like I would tell customers, you know, once when I've gotten comfortable with them, is like, listen like we've analyzed the whole market. And like.
Brad Schnitzer: we think we can really really provide real value to you. And here's why. And and you could show them like, Hey.
Brad Schnitzer: like, here are the 5 categories.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, and here's why you're top of this list, or towards the you know top quartile of this list. So
Brad Schnitzer: I think you know you get a lot of different advice in startup world.
Brad Schnitzer: and my my controversial opinion here is like work, work backwards from where you want to be right. And when you, when you do financial modeling with Troy, when it comes up
Brad Schnitzer: like, think about, you know, if you guys truly want to be 100 million dollar a year business like.
Brad Schnitzer: Think through what that would take
Brad Schnitzer: over time. It's likely going to be
Brad Schnitzer: like this.
Brad Schnitzer: It's not going to be the steady state.
Brad Schnitzer: You know it. It. You typically kind of get some of that exponential growth once you get the flywheel spinning. But it really really helps, especially from a a motivational perspective. When you can actually work backwards and see like, what would it actually take to become a hundred 1 million dollar a year business.
Brad Schnitzer: How many customers would we need to have? You know.
Brad Schnitzer: I think the average unicorn. It takes about 7 or 8 years to get to that that unicorn status. So if you think about it kind of as like a
Brad Schnitzer: triple, triple double double in terms of growth.
Brad Schnitzer: You know, you can kind of see quickly, like, oh, wow! This is what it would take to become this 100 million dollar a year business. It's just a fun exercise to do on a napkin, and as you prepare to build your financial model, you can kind of get a sense of like what it would really take to build one of those businesses
Brad Schnitzer: to me. It starts with building that top 100 customer list
Brad Schnitzer: and then when tomorrow, when I come back, I'll go into this magic link.
Brad Schnitzer: and what the magic link does is it allows you to put all of those companies
Brad Schnitzer: and 1st connections into one singular list that you can share with your entire network. So you know, when you
Brad Schnitzer: let's see let me think of a customer or company in here.
Brad Schnitzer: let's see somebody might be selling into Northwestern medicine. Right? I said. There are 3 or 4
Brad Schnitzer: healthcare companies in the group. You know, you'd be able to tag Northwestern medicine. You might even be able to tag the department.
Brad Schnitzer: Through Linkedin.
Brad Schnitzer: and when you send that list out to me it will scan my network and be able to see. Hey, I know somebody specifically in this company at this title, and I'm a 1st degree connection
Brad Schnitzer: makes it a lot easier, because when you ask for when you have a list of 100 companies and you just ask people, Hey, do you know anybody? Or that works at any of these companies.
Brad Schnitzer: Almost nobody can think through their entire network on the spot and think about people right? So it just makes it really really easy for them, making things easy for people to
Brad Schnitzer: making it easy, for, you know people to help you goes a long way.
Kevin Kaspar: Brad, any.
Brad Schnitzer: Question, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: I want to go on what you just said, because the founders all the time always ask. They make generic asks of Mentor.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: There's like a category of a person that you have in your head, that you want to be introduced to. No one off the spot is going to think of anything. But if you give them a specific context, even at least he's talking about where we sort of very specific way, or you already premeditated where you know who they're connected to. You. Ask for an introduction to a person by name.
Kevin Kaspar: Those types of very specific asks end up happening, whereas the general generic ones primarily following decades. So just keep that in mind.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: 1 1 thing that's not in my deck. But I I it happened today. So it's fresh on my mind is.
Brad Schnitzer: I want everyone in this room to just completely get rid of canned emails. And they're sentences that you're going to use over and over again. But I had a founder today. We went through his entire list and he sent me. I asked him to send me forwardable emails for all of the people that he wanted me to make intros to, and he sent me his spreadsheet
Brad Schnitzer: and a canned email. They wanted me to send to all of them specifically. And I go. They're going to read this and can Intel in 2 seconds that this is canned and not directed towards them. So
Brad Schnitzer: I mean, when I read an email, I get tons of emails.
Kevin Kaspar: Canvas is like generic, like a template.
Brad Schnitzer: Can. I can generic if there, if I look at an email and I can't identify that specifically for me, I almost never respond.
Brad Schnitzer: And it's a shame because there's some good emails that come through. But if I can't tell that that email wasn't sent to a hundred other people
Brad Schnitzer: like.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah, I I have no interest in responding back to to messages that I can't tell are are directly written to me. So
Brad Schnitzer: I would. That would be an ask if you guys want to differentiate, differentiate yourself from the other startups that are doing this. It I it almost never gets you anywhere. I don't know anybody, you know, who's serious, that responds to something that just looks like a canned email, right? And your 1st message to them, especially on the B, 2 B side should never be
Brad Schnitzer: like a sales pitch
Brad Schnitzer: like I. I don't know if you guys get messages on Linkedin, or you get just cold email like, I have never responded to a message from someone where the 1st message is a really long message that's trying to sell me something in the 1st message.
Brad Schnitzer: right?
Brad Schnitzer: So hopefully, hopefully, that's something you guys can take from this. You know, it's not a sales session, but at the same time, like, be thoughtful about how you're approaching. These 1st introductions when you're, you know, getting these warm introductions to people.
Brad Schnitzer: your your 1st goal is to build a relationship with that person, not to sell them something.
Kevin Kaspar: When you say the affordable personalized email. So that would be cause I always, I've played with this. I never know if I'm getting it right. So it's like, dear Brad, thank you so much for
Kevin Kaspar: offering to intro me to X. I'm really excited to meet them because of this is that sort of the type of like personalized form. Now.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah. So what's great is, we have a template that we've been using at techstars. It was written by an old managing director that now runs a firm called 2048 in New York. His name's Alex Iskold, so it's called how to write affordable. And I'll just, you know. Ask Chloe or someone on the team to just
Brad Schnitzer: post that in base camp for you guys. It is the perfect template exactly how most people want portables. But you're essentially writing a message to the end. Recipient. Yes, you can. You can thank the person for making the message, but the message should be ultimately for the end recipient. And again, you're making it stupidly easy for this person to help you, because you've already written everything that's going to be sent to the next person.
Brad Schnitzer: Yep.
Kevin Kaspar: So so you don't need 100% customized. When I found I introduced typos.
Kevin Kaspar: Would you recommend maybe splicing it up in the chat Gbt to customize it, or do you? Wanna do you truly want bespoke messages for each other in every intern?
Brad Schnitzer: I mean, honestly, like.
Brad Schnitzer: I'm okay with part of the message like being like, there's going to be things in your message that are just you want to convey to multiple people.
Brad Schnitzer: I'm just looking like I'm doing this like really quick eye test like, is this message only for me? Right? Is there something in there that can tell? And maybe it's just in the 1st sentence or 2 showing that you did your research on who they are or like. Why you wanted the intro specifically to them.
Brad Schnitzer: the one thing that I've seen that I hate here, and I'm just sharing just random, you know, anecdotes here is. When you're trying to get investor intros, you know, one thing to avoid is like I saw you invested in this company, so I thought you might be interested in me. It's kind of like the Amazon like we saw you or Netflix. We saw you watch this show. You might also be interested in this show.
Brad Schnitzer: I've never seen that, you know.
Brad Schnitzer: Correlation, you know, actually like work in an investor intro me meal meeting and and trying to get that intro. I would think about more as a human being. If you're if you're trying to get an intro to a partner like, why? Specifically, you want to work with them, and it could be because they help another company similar to yours, right? Or from their prior work experience as an operator.
Brad Schnitzer: They had, you know, solved the problem that that you know. You, you are going through as a founder yourself. Right? They have relevant experience. So that's more important than saying, Hey, I saw you invested in this company that's similar to ours. You might also like us just a a little
Brad Schnitzer: bullet point. There.
Kevin Kaspar: And Brad, just to just to clarify like, it's not just
Kevin Kaspar: like being thoughtful to be thoughtful because it's effective. It's also like it's easy when it's genuine. So a lot of founders unfortunately, treat the investment process like it's a numbers game like the more hits that I get, the more likely I'll get what I want. And when you take that kind of data driven and like kind of transactional approach, you might make progress. But let's just say like for the 100 that you reach out to generically. If you reach out to 10 authentically
Kevin Kaspar: right where each one you thought of exactly why you want to talk with them, and you make a very customized nuanced. Ask to each of those. Sure, you might have some regrets. You couldn't always work, and only 2 people respond out of the same. But those 2 relationships are going to be way deeper and way more meaningful than the 100 that is spent.
Kevin Kaspar: So you get way. More bang for your buck by limiting your your aperture bit.
Brad Schnitzer: 100%. And I think that goes back to like the
Brad Schnitzer: top 100 customer lists in order, like, you guys are gonna end up doing your investor pipelines, too.
Brad Schnitzer: Build those same 5, you know, it's going to be different weights and different categories. But build 5 categories
Brad Schnitzer: for ranking your investors, and why you want to work with them. You could even take it down to the partner level
Brad Schnitzer: right? Like, think about the things you need the most.
Brad Schnitzer: You know. I know people in the bay are getting to a place where they feel like, you know, it's a point at some point that venture dollars are a commodity. Right? So it's like, what else do they provide?
Brad Schnitzer: You want to be in a place? Neil will talk about this a lot through the program like you want to be at a place at the table where you can turn down any offer right? So you're you know, it's a it's a true negotiation where it's you're not begging for capital from people. It's like truly learning like how they can provide value to you and your business, and you know why you think they're they're signing up for an 8 to 10 year relationship.
Brad Schnitzer: flip, flip the script, put yourself in their shoes. Why would they want to start an 8 to 10 year relationship with you?
Brad Schnitzer: So I think that's something that that's really helpful to think about early in in that journey when you're starting to talk to investors. Yeah, question.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh.
Kevin Kaspar: regarding showing that you've done research on your Cpi. I was wondering what you think are the topics that you recommend. We leverage to show that we've done that research, because I guess there can be like a way where we have done research. But it turns out
Kevin Kaspar: that information we can. You know, we can get it like, from publicly level information like, Oh, I saw you work with computing has a task. I was wondering if you were willing to chat. If it's something I could find their website versus something that can be maybe a little creepy like. Oh, I saw you living? I don't know. Not here in San Francisco. Would you like to have put together? So what are the topics that you recommend to actually leverage to send out.
Brad Schnitzer: Honestly the number one like I could think of a lot, but the number one would be connecting directly with one of their portfolio companies, or you know, the people who go above and beyond will maybe get 2 or 3 intros to portfolio companies. You get warm intros to them, jump on a 20min call. Ask them about their experience working with said investor. Likely at a partner level, not at a company level.
Brad Schnitzer: Write down specific things they told you in ways that they help that founder.
Brad Schnitzer: and then bring that back up to them like
Brad Schnitzer: I. I can't think of anything more powerful than that right? There is. If one of if a company is who's applying to to my program says, Hey, I spoke with Corinne from smart charts, she said. You know you walk through the process of helping her get an sbir loan she just got a 375,000 sbir loan
Brad Schnitzer: you know, that's going to keep her business going for the next, you know. 8 to 12 months and hopefully, you know, change the trajectory of her business like I thought that was incredible. You know.
Brad Schnitzer: Founders, you know, speak super highly of you, and and I would love to get a chance to, you know, connect with you and learn. Learn more about what you guys are doing. Or you know, you can lead that into a very specific ask for your business, but
Brad Schnitzer: showing that you did the research. And you spoke to their portfolio companies
Brad Schnitzer: goes a long, long way rather than so. And and honestly, that's the research you would want to do like you're joining. You're you're signing up for an 8 to 10 year relationship. You would want to get
Brad Schnitzer: a sense of what it's like to work with that person right? Especially if
Brad Schnitzer: you know capital is becoming more and more of a commodity like.
Brad Schnitzer: what is it like like you are about to join this relationship with this person, and if they have a board seat like they're going to be a really big part of your business moving forward so I would think that's table stakes in terms of, you know, doing your your due diligence also, like
Brad Schnitzer: we've had founders do crazy due diligence on us. I had a program, and to me, like as long as it's not like, you know, they're showing up at my front doorstep, you know, I think that that shows that they're putting in the work like that. That is a signal to me, like if they're talking to a bunch of people that know me, and like doing that diligence like.
Brad Schnitzer: I see that as a positive. So I I have to assume again, you know, assumption, but I have to assume most investors. Be that the same way, if it's done in a thoughtful.
Brad Schnitzer: in a thoughtful way.
Brad Schnitzer: Yep.
Kevin Kaspar: Another question. Yeah, I think my question really, just in terms of setting up that initial call. Sometimes like, maybe this is not a specific reason. I want to meet someone outside the fact that I just think that you know
Kevin Kaspar: they could be really valuable and actually valuable to the future time
Kevin Kaspar: for those instances. Is it totally okay to just like, set up those calls, introduce without specific? Ask in the beginning of the introduction, or should you usually wait a bit.
Brad Schnitzer: I mean, I mean, sometimes, like the way I would phrase, it is like.
Brad Schnitzer: like.
Brad Schnitzer: you're trying to drive the business forward right like. So if if there's something.
Brad Schnitzer: let's say you come to an inflection point in your business like, you guys are going to be going through Kpis soon. You're going to be setting your Kpis and realize, like, you know, something you're doing isn't working right? So
Brad Schnitzer: a lot of times, these investors, especially when they're former operators like
Brad Schnitzer: they're good. They're gonna be there to help you throw shit at the wall right? Like you have to figure out. If you've hit. You know this plateau in your business, and you can't figure out how to keep driving forward like this ideation that you can do alongside an investor. And and, you know.
Brad Schnitzer: challenge some assumptions like that's typically, like, you know, 1st off, I would kind of look at maybe some of the companies in their portfolio or have those discussions, but, like a lot of investors, do that like they try to help you get through some of those sticking points in your business, so I'm sure there's something in your business that like isn't working great.
Brad Schnitzer: I have to imagine if if somebody was a former operator or they have a special skill that you can look back and say, Hey.
Brad Schnitzer: I want to run some ideas past you right like, this is what we're trying this week. Here's our Kpis. Here's our goal.
Brad Schnitzer: I have to imagine, especially when you keep them updated. And you know, I think one of the 1st things after you know you get an introduction is you're gonna likely ask them if you know you could put them on your investor updates right? So when once they're on your investor updates, you're gonna show what happened this week, right? In in programs on a weekly basis as we move past.
Brad Schnitzer: You know, the weekly
Brad Schnitzer: investor updates you, you'd at least do, maybe once a month, and then later, you know, maybe quarterly updates once you're a more mature business. But they're gonna see what's happening week to week in your business, especially if they're interested in you, so they may reach out on their own and just say, Hey, like, I think I have an idea that can you know something worth testing?
Brad Schnitzer: So maybe in the 1st meeting that doesn't come up. But once you get them on, your investor updates, it's a reason to keep, you know, showing up and a reason that you can say, Hey.
Brad Schnitzer: can I ask your advice, can I? Can I see how you know if you have any ideas on how I can, you know, get over this plateau in the business
Brad Schnitzer: and then, like we talked about earlier, is putting, you know, gratitude in your your investor updates
Brad Schnitzer: what what I tend to see, at least in my ecosystem is, you know, some of the best busiest investors
Brad Schnitzer: are constantly being thanked in these investor updates for helping founders get through some of these sticking points.
Brad Schnitzer: and what it does is it almost creates this like, competition amongst the investors and mentors, because they want to.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, be seen in their their
Brad Schnitzer: networks, their communities as being somebody who helps founders. So you you just kind of see, as you continue continually thank people in your in your updates, you just start to see other people jump in and they're like, Oh, wow! There must be something here that this person who's, you know, company sold for 100 million dollars is spending this much time with this founder. I want to be involved. I want to know what's happening in this company.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, I might want to be an investor. Right? So you're you're kind of creating again that flywheel within your business. I think they they some of those questions kind of present themselves as you learn more about them, and you understand what their superpowers are, so you might not know what their superpowers are on the 1st call, but the more you get to know these people, the more they present them
Brad Schnitzer: cool.
Brad Schnitzer: All right. I have 2 more slides we'll go through. We'll do questions. And then I have one exercise for you guys.
Brad Schnitzer: B, 2 C companies.
Brad Schnitzer: the the way I I work with a lot of our B to C companies is
Brad Schnitzer: figuring out who has the biggest
Brad Schnitzer: or best megaphone
Brad Schnitzer: to your end. Audience
Brad Schnitzer: sounds obvious, but a lot of people kind of skip this.
Brad Schnitzer: So I I typically use a company called Trawla, that went through one of our programs in Chicago.
Brad Schnitzer: What trawla did was they? Were a violin
Brad Schnitzer: teaching app.
Brad Schnitzer: and they helped you learn how to play violin from scratch.
Brad Schnitzer: And you know, I don't know what the run rate is right now we'll call it in like the 8 to 10 million dollar range a year this was a business. A lot of people passed on did not think it was a big market.
Brad Schnitzer: but there is a shortage of
Brad Schnitzer: violin teachers in the world.
Brad Schnitzer: a lot of people that want to learn violin, especially in China.
Brad Schnitzer: What they did in the early days
Brad Schnitzer: was figured out. Who
Brad Schnitzer: their end consumers, people who love violin.
Brad Schnitzer: who are they listening to online? Who are they following online? Who are these thought leaders in the space?
Brad Schnitzer: And they strategically went through
Brad Schnitzer: and reached out to these individuals and got them involved. If anyone's into violin, Lindsay Sterling ended up joining and and putting on a lesson
Brad Schnitzer: for the trawla community.
Brad Schnitzer: you know. I think there were some other folks you know, that actually came through tech stars is, we got an intro to Lindsey Sterling so that was kind of a fun thing where you know we had them, and we'll do this exercise at the end. Here we had them kind of think through like, who are those super high leverage leverage folks that we can reach out to figure out who industry experts are in that space right?
Brad Schnitzer: Who do people trust who do people look up to
Brad Schnitzer: and the last thing I would say here is, you know, for customer acquisition and retention. Who else has done it before.
Brad Schnitzer: there are folks within the techstars network that have succeeded in the B to C space with multiple companies.
Brad Schnitzer: There are some tried and true methods of ways of testing in terms of growth.
Brad Schnitzer: If you need help figuring out who those folks are, if it's not obvious, after you know, mentor madness. Come to me. I'll share my email like I can help you find some of these folks. They can help you run the tests that you need to know about customer acquisition and retention.
Brad Schnitzer: the last thing I put here were Channel partners. It's difficult many times in the b 2 c space to find channel partners
Brad Schnitzer: but use the tech stars network to kind of find some of these Channel partners. I've seen it work
Brad Schnitzer: very, very well through. You know, some of our experience with tech start partners
Brad Schnitzer: it's something that when people are are thinking about.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, finding customers. They don't think about some of those those Channel partners that they can do to reach those customers.
Brad Schnitzer: Let's see my last piece. Okay.
Brad Schnitzer: alright. Well, I'll I'll have the ask exercise at the end. So 1st step here. If you guys are taking notes.
Brad Schnitzer: go to the techstar San Francisco site. And actually, I think you know, your team may be sending you. All of your mentors.
Brad Schnitzer: Do preliminary research on all of them. Be prepared for mentor madness. Even the folks that you're not meeting in mentor madness. If they're listed as like ad hoc mentors
Brad Schnitzer: do your research on them.
Brad Schnitzer: Even if they're not individually helpful.
Brad Schnitzer: still get connected to these folks and see if they know anybody within their network that can help you.
Brad Schnitzer: build a short list. I know, you know Lilian and Team will get into that later. Build a short list of ad hoc mentors and work backwards from your biggest problems right? Like your big rocks in your business that you need the most support with
Brad Schnitzer: thinking through who those individual people are that can help your biggest problems.
Brad Schnitzer: I can share. If you guys are helpful, I can share an institutional Investor List Angel Investor List. I think I put them in base camp. But I can send them to Liliana and team. If you guys need that.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: the last piece is the global network, the tech star. So this is where most people fuck up
Brad Schnitzer: There are so many resources within techstars that I think people get overwhelmed.
Brad Schnitzer: and they don't take advantage of it. It's just too vast. They don't know how to actually navigate it.
Brad Schnitzer: Which I I would admit is, you know, a problem with texters at scale like we've built an amazing network.
Brad Schnitzer: But sometimes it's hard to navigate because there's so much noise. Right?
Brad Schnitzer: So my advice to you again start with the problems. You know, the known knowns, things that you need support with
Brad Schnitzer: and start putting that out in the system. There's message boards within universe universe where you can make asks
Brad Schnitzer: in discord. David Cohen, CEO is super active, like interacts with founders in there
Brad Schnitzer: like get involved like, send him a message, see if see if he can help with something.
Brad Schnitzer: I was just on
Brad Schnitzer: a call. You know, while Neil and Team were presenting you forward to the executive leadership team.
Brad Schnitzer: and Brad Feld, who's, you know, one of the
Brad Schnitzer: the godfathers, godmothers of of venture capital.
Brad Schnitzer: In that that small group, you know, he wrote the book. Venture deals. He's in there just naming people that he can make intros to left and right like
Brad Schnitzer: the fact it it, by the way, an intro coming from him is is worth its weight in gold.
Brad Schnitzer: You know, in terms of his credibility, and him lending that to just early stage startups is pretty incredible. So
Brad Schnitzer: take advantage of that. That's part of the network. I would say again, when I talk about, you know only 10 to 12 companies taking advantage and doing this well, like nobody does this. It's it's a shame. And that's why I want to host this session so that you guys are are part of the smaller group that do
Brad Schnitzer: I want you guys to think about.
Brad Schnitzer: You know, I talked about starting with the end in mind.
Brad Schnitzer: Think about when you're 100 million dollar a year. Business, you know. I think 100 to 150 million is is, you know.
Brad Schnitzer: widely considered Unicorn range
Brad Schnitzer: when you're at that stage. It took you 8 to 10 years to get there. What markets are you going to need to be in right like, what are those?
Brad Schnitzer: Are there 25 cities that you're gonna need to operate in?
Brad Schnitzer: Start thinking right now what those markets are and who those power nodes are in those markets right like, even if you're just listing out in a spreadsheet your top 25 markets that you think you'll need to be in at some point.
Brad Schnitzer: Get ahead of it now
Brad Schnitzer: and start building relationships before you have asked
Brad Schnitzer: right?
Brad Schnitzer: If you if you have
Brad Schnitzer: a year, 2 years of relationship building with.
Brad Schnitzer: you know, the power node of let's call it Atlanta.
Brad Schnitzer: You come back in in a year 18 months to try to ask for an intro when you've spent the time to build those relationships like, of course, they're going to make those that intro, you probably make a lot of intros, and they can be super valuable. So
Brad Schnitzer: build the network before you need it.
Brad Schnitzer: make real build real community and relationships before you need it. Before you have the asks.
Brad Schnitzer: They're gonna want to help. Like I said, like you guys are in tech stars they're gonna want to support, but
Brad Schnitzer: go in with genuine curiosity, and build those networks now.
Brad Schnitzer: My one exercise, and when my my one ask and how I want to end the session is. If you're sitting with your team.
Brad Schnitzer: If not, you know, try to get around your team.
Brad Schnitzer: I want you guys to try to come up with 3
Brad Schnitzer: potential intros people that you would want to be intro to. That would make an exponential impact
Brad Schnitzer: on your business.
Brad Schnitzer: and I would love to just hear after you guys, and we will spend maybe 5min
Brad Schnitzer: going through that just quickly, like in in.
Brad Schnitzer: you might have a specific name, or you might have a specific title at a company. Right?
Brad Schnitzer: But I want you guys to get really, really specific here, because what's cool about tech stars is once we know those things. And once you guys have put them out into the ether, you'd be surprised how many people might be like, oh, I actually know that person or Oh, I have a connection to somebody very similar. But until we put those out there into the world and people know it.
Brad Schnitzer: it's very hard to just guess kind of what Neil said. It's kind of hard to guess exactly what you need, and and when you need it, so get with your team. Take 5min. Don't overthink it. Come up with 3 intros. That would that you believe would make an exponential impact on your business, and
Brad Schnitzer: we'll get. We'll come back here at 4 0. 5, and just kind of quickly run through one each
Brad Schnitzer: cool.
Kevin Kaspar: Do you want? I think we're at time, do you? Do you want to send them to do that exercise? And maybe.
Brad Schnitzer: Oh.
Brad Schnitzer: damn time flew. Time flew by.
Brad Schnitzer: yeah, I would love it. Could you guys send that list to me?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, have them all follow up to you.
Brad Schnitzer: Can you have them?
Brad Schnitzer: Can you have them highlight? The one company, if there is a highlight like one that they were, gonna you know.
Brad Schnitzer: Talk about in the session. Sorry, guys. I ran a little long.
Kevin Kaspar: I would love to.
Brad Schnitzer: See that list!
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Brad Schnitzer: And I'll tie it into our session at the beginning. Tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: Cool. Is everyone clear on Brad's assignment before tomorrow your 3 connections that would make exponential impact on your business and highlight the top one. And hopefully he can help you. And we'll go through Linkedin tomorrow names or a position at a specific. Okay?
Kevin Kaspar: Perfect. Brad. Okay. So we'll send them your. You'll get emails from all 12. But so before his session tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: okay, great. That flew by. But I'm glad you're coming back tomorrow.
Brad Schnitzer: Awesome. Well, if you guys have questions, lingering questions in the meantime, I'll have Liliana and Team send my email
Brad Schnitzer: if you haven't before tomorrow, but if not, I will see you guys tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: Thanks, Brad, thanks.
Brad Schnitzer: Yeah, thank you. All.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: it's great to see you. Okay, we hope you can visit. Sf, okay, bye.